Document usage of `command_line_flags` (#8398)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/configuration-files/README.md

Existing options will be overwritten by the application of this file.

##### `command_line_flags` option

> **Note:** This feature requires [Orbit, the Fleet agent manager](https://fleetdm.com/announcements/introducing-orbit-your-fleet-agent-manager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This feature requires [Orbit, the Fleet agent manager](https://fleetdm.com/announcements/introducing-orbit-your-fleet-agent-manager).
```

> The `command_line_flags` key inside of `agent_options` allows you to remotely manage the osquery command line flags. These command line flags are options that typically require osquery to restart for them to take effect. But with Orbit, you can use the `command_line_flags` key to take care of that. Orbit, will write these to the flagfile on the host and pass it to osquery. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `command_line_flags` key inside of `agent_options` allows you to remotely manage the osquery command line flags. These command line flags are options that typically require osquery to restart for them to take effect. But with Orbit, you can use the `command_line_flags` key to take care of that. Orbit will write these to the flagfile on the host and pass it to osquery. 
```

To see the full list of these osquery command line flags, please run `osquery` with the `--help` switch.

> Just like the other `agent_options` as above, remove the dashed lines (`--`) for Fleet to successfully update them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like the other `agent_options` above, remove the dashed lines (`--`) for Fleet to successfully update them.
```

Here is an example of using the `command_line_flags` key:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: config
spec:
  agent_options:
    command_line_flags: # requires Fleet's osquery installer
      verbose: true
      disable_watchdog: false
      logger_path: /path/to/logger
```

Note that the `command_line_flags` key does not support the `overrides` key, which is documented below.

You can verfiy that these flags have taken effect on the hosts by running a query against the `osquery_flags` table.

If you revoked an old enroll secret, this feature won't work for hosts that were added to Fleet using this old enroll secret. This is because Orbit uses the enroll secret to receive new flags from Fleet. For these hosts, all existing features will work as expected.

> For further documentation on how to rotate enroll secrets, please see [this guide](https://fleetdm.com/docs/deploying/faq#how-can-enroll-secrets-be-rotated)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further documentation on how to rotate enroll secrets, please see [this guide](https://fleetdm.com/docs/deploying/faq#how-can-enroll-secrets-be-rotated).
```

If you prefer to deploy a new package with the updated enroll secret:

> 1. Check which hosts need a new enroll secret by running the following query: `SELECT * FROM orbit_info WHERE enrolled = false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check which hosts need a new enroll secret by running the following query: `SELECT * FROM orbit_info WHERE enrolled = false`.
```

> **Note**: The hosts that don't have Orbit installed will return an error because the `orbit_info` table doesn't exist. You can safely ignore these errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The hosts that don't have Orbit installed will return an error because the `orbit_info` table doesn't exist. You can safely ignore these errors.
```

Existing options will be overwritten by the application of this file.

##### `command_line_flags` option

> **Note:** This feature requires Orbit, the Fleet agent manager: https://fleetdm.com/announcements/introducing-orbit-your-fleet-agent-manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This feature requires [Orbit, the Fleet agent manager](https://fleetdm.com/announcements/introducing-orbit-your-fleet-agent-manager).
```

> The `command_line_flags` key inside of `agent_options` allows you to remotely manage the osquery command line flags. These command line flags are options which typically requires osquery to restart for it to take effect. But now with Orbit, one can use the `command_line_flags` key to take care of that. Orbit, will write these to the flagfile on the host, and pass it to osquery. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `command_line_flags` key inside of `agent_options` allows you to remotely manage the osquery command line flags. These command line flags are options that typically require osquery to restart for them to take effect. But with Orbit, you can use the `command_line_flags` key to take care of that. Orbit, will write these to the flagfile on the host and pass it to osquery. 
```

To see the full list of these osquery command line flags, please run `osquery` with the `--help` switch.

Just like the other `agent_options` as above, remove the dashed lines (`--`) for Fleet to successfully update them.

Here is an example of using the `command_line_flags` key:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: config
spec:
  agent_options:
    command_line_flags: # requires Fleet's osquery installer
      verbose: true
      disable_watchdog: false
      logger_path: /path/to/logger
```

Note that the `command_line_flags` key does not support the `overrides` key, which is documented below.

> You can verfiy that these flags have taken effect on the hosts, by running a query against the `osquery_flags` table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verfiy that these flags have taken effect on the hosts by running a query against the `osquery_flags` table.
```

> If, at some point, you revoked an old enroll secret, this feature won't work for hosts that were added to Fleet using this old enroll secret. This is because Orbit uses the enroll secret to receive new flags from Fleet. For these hosts, all existing features will work as expected.

Reviewer 2: So if I'm understanding this correctly, if anytime I want to rotate enroll secrets, I need to do these reinstallation steps? Seems crazy and inconvenient. Shouldn't orbit know what the enroll secret is of osquery?

Reviewer 2: More tactically, I think some kind of header here would be useful to break out this section.

Author: This is kinda expected behavior. The host needs some secret to communicate with Fleet, if this secret is revoked, as expected, it won't be able to authenticate with Fleet. To update the secret on the host with a new secret, some out-of-band way is needed, regenerating the packages is one, or pushing the secret file via chef/puppet/etc is another way.

> Shouldn't orbit know what the enroll secret is of osquery?

Orbit and osquery share the same enroll secret...but how does that matter here?

Reviewer 2: Never mind... I misread this.

> If, at some point, you revoked an old enroll secret, this feature won't work for hosts that were added to Fleet using this old enroll secret. This is because Orbit uses the enroll secret to receive new flags from Fleet. For these hosts, all existing features will work as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you revoked an old enroll secret, this feature won't work for hosts that were added to Fleet using this old enroll secret. This is because Orbit uses the enroll secret to receive new flags from Fleet. For these hosts, all existing features will work as expected.
```

> To update the flags on these hosts, we recommend deploying a new package. This will update each host's enroll secret. Here's how to deploy a new package:

Reviewer 2: These is general instructions for how to rotate the enroll secret right? Not specific to this command line flags feature? 

If so, can we break this out into it's own section and link to it from here? Seems like generally useful stuff that shouldn't be buried. Does it conflict with the content already here: https://fleetdm.com/docs/deploying/faq#how-can-enroll-secrets-be-rotated?

> 1. First check which hosts need a new enroll secret by running the following query: `SELECT * FROM orbit_info WHERE enrolled = false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check which hosts need a new enroll secret by running the following query: `SELECT * FROM orbit_info WHERE enrolled = false`
```

> **Note**: The hosts that don't have Orbit installed will return an error because the `orbit_info` table doesn't exist. One can safely ignore these errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The hosts that don't have Orbit installed will return an error because the `orbit_info` table doesn't exist. You can safely ignore these errors.
```

2. In Fleet, head to the Hosts page and select **Add hosts** to find the fleetctl package command with an active enroll secret.

> 3. Copy and run the fleetctl package command to create a new package. Distribute this package to the hosts that returned results in step (1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Copy and run the fleetctl package command to create a new package. Distribute this package to the hosts that returned results in step 1.
```
